All right, so we have completed our role here, so it's looking really good and we are happy with it.
At least I am now in to go and look at the details screen.
So I hope you were able to do what I asked you twice to filter the movie list, the get movie list,
the function that gets all the movies and then filter through to find that movie that one movie contains
that has the same idea.
OK, how to do that?
I'm sure you were able to do that.
If not, no problem.
Let's go ahead and open command E..
We can go and see the latest recent files.
We want to go to detailed screen.
There we go.
OK, so we have all of this here, things looking good.
So if you look here, movie data, we are getting only this string here, which is the I.D. Let's change
this to an ID, because that's probably the best course.
So I'm going to say shift f six like that to change all of the occurrences of this variable.
So I'm going to say movie ID like that.
OK.
So the first thing I want to do here is I'm going to filter through all of the movies and then check
to check to see if we can find a movie that has this I.D. So I'm going to say Val and great movie.
It's going to be equal to, I say, get movies and then I'm going to invoke the filter method because
it's a list that is coming out of the movies, right?
So it can invoke the filter method there.
And then we have passed pretty predicate here.
So this means here we are going to have an actual movie.
So I'm going to just use that there with an arrow.
OK, you know what, lambda?
And here is where I'm going to pass the actual conditions when I see a movie that ID is equal to movie
ID that we're passing.
So what will happen here?
If you have over a movie, it's going to see that movie is indeed a list of movies.
The reason being is because Filter will return.
The reason being is that filter here should have returned a list containing those types.
OK, so this is probably better to say movie, say, new movie list.
OK, so now at this point here, we should have at least one movie that will match the idea we're passing.
So let's see if this is true.
That means in our text surface here, where I'm passing the movie ID, I don't need a movie.
It all I need now is to say movie list like that, and I'm just going to get first.
That's found, or I can just go and say square brackets zero to say I'm going to get to the first index
right off our list and it makes sense to get it for us because we should get at least one item that
is matched.
So it's going to be a list of just one item.
So that works.
And then, of course, once they have that object, let's go ahead and pass the title.
So as to see if this works.
So when I real quick.
OK, now if I click on Avatar, I should see Avatar.
It's very good.
If I click Avengers, you should see Avengers, and it's just very random.
One heart goes, I should see knockers.
So it is working.
The filter is indeed working.
So as things are right now, this is not what we want.
We want something a little bit more elaborate, something better.
Well, we can do that.
First, let's get rid of some of these parameters here because I don't want this to be in the center
because I don't want this to arrange be arranged vertically center like this?
Think unless we remove that or if we wanted, I could keep all of that instead of center.
We can just say top like this.
This works as well.
OK.
All right.
So now inside of our techs here, now inside of our column, we want to do something.
What we want to do first.
I'm going to just go ahead and add the movie row.
Now here is the beauty because we've created the widgets here and we added, which is I only have one
widget, which is the movie row.
Look what we can do.
I can just go ahead and call Movie Row as such and pass a few parameters.
What parameters you may ask arguments.
I'm just going to pass the movie and pass our movie.
List and you move your list that is not first.
Just a different way of getting something and move row.
Let's go ahead and add experimental annotation because that's what it's using.
It's using and that was added at the top there.
OK, very good.
So at this point, we're passing.
We're calling the movie row in object a movie object.
We get that from our new movie list, which filtered and got the correct movie just like that.
And if we run this, you will see we didn't have to do a lot of work.
Click and what do you know?
There we go.
And even this expanded is also working here.
This is why we create reusable functions so reusable, composable because now all I had to do.
Ladies and gentlemen, was to call Movie Row anywhere I want and just pass the data.
And Mo Farah will do what he needs to do, which is display all the information that he needs to display.
OK, very good.
So we have that information.
Now we want to do is we want to create a scrollable, but a horizontal scrollable view that will contain
all of the images pertaining to this movie the same way we have the lazy column.
There is the lazy row as well, so now I can put get rid of this.
We don't need this here, and we just.
Let me put a spacer to give ourselves some space here modifier and let's say height of about eight dpi
just to give a space, right?
And I'm going to add a divider.
Such and then was put a text in a text that says movie images lazy.
Look at this.
We use a lazy column.
Now we can use lazy row.
The same thing we did.
We can just go ahead and get the trailing lamp to such.
And inside here we can say items.
And there are a lot of functions we can override here can invoke.
That means a lot of functions that we can invoke.
What we want is the items listed there.
OK.
So here I'm going to pass a movie list, new movie list.
That is, I'm going to get the first item, which is the first actual object movie that it's containing.
This list, which is the only one should be.
And then I'm invoke the images because each movie object has the image has the property images, which
is a list as you see here of strings, which in this case will contain all of the URLs.
All right.
So in this case, all sorts of lambda, and I'm going to add a image variable there so it can control
everything.
And then here I'm going to create a card like this card.
For now, I'm going to pass a modifier and the padding start tapping padding.
And then I'm going to say about 12 that dpi.
And then I'm going to say size because I want this card to have a size.
Let's give a size of a 240 dpi quite large.
And while I'm here, let's go ahead and give a an elevation because it's a card, we can actually add
elevation.
Let's see.
This has to be after that.
So elevation, I want about five dpi.
There we go.
And then inside here, we're going to do the same thing we did before which we're going to add an image.
He was the painter.
We're going to use Croyle, so say, remember.
Image painter as such, and we want to request one data because we're passing the URL and where we get
that URL, where we get that from our image like this, which is this guy here.
So this is going to be each individual URL that we have in our images property listed there.
So we're getting each image URL in.
Add here to to be displayed and for the description, we can see a movie poster.
And that's it.
Let's go ahead and Brian and see, OK, click Avatar and voila!
All the images are showing how wonderful is this?
Now the other thing I can do here because we understand the power of compartmentalizing our code right.
We can remove this lazy row into its own function.
So if you go ahead and select everything, right click.
I can go to refactor such and you can say function, right?
And then we can say something like.
Horizontal.
Image.
Scrollable or.
There's the horizontal.
Scrollable.
Image of you sent like this.
OK.
And it already has the parameters, you know, is that we need to pass the list of movies and all is
good.
So I'm going to say, OK.
And just like that, you can see creative composable and there's a function and the name and we pass
the value and everything is not set out there.
We didn't have to do much.
So this helps a lot because now we can use this horizontal scroll image view anywhere we want.
Right?
Just like we are able to use movie row.
OK, let's just give it another run just to make sure we didn't break anything.
OK, let's click this one.
Voila!
There are movies.
Everything is working as before.
And of course, you have this working still because we are using the movie row, OK?
And we have the images.
So we go back again.
This one way have all these images.
Can see.
Now I'm using my phone here.
So just like that, we were able to put together here a decent application.
I can take this idea and run with it.
There are a lot of things you can do with it, of course, but idea here is the same.
We've learned a few things.
So as we go, move forward and start building more applications.
As you see here, we are going to add a few new things, a few new topics here and there to make it
fun, right?
So we build something.
We know how to put together things and then we learn new things along the way.
That's what are we doing here.
So.
So I hope this inspires you even further to look at Compose as another tool that he can use to build
amazing modern Android applications.
So take this application and make it your own.
You modify it.
Maybe this will spark other ideas, and the most important thing is to see the way we structure this
application.
This is very important.